README.md, before:

# Cake Website Project

This is a web development project designed for a bakery or cake shop. I developed this project as part of my academic work while pursuing the **Higher National Diploma in Information Technology (HNDIT)** at the **Advanced Technical Institute Dehiwala, Sri Lanka**.

## 📌 Project Overview
The "Cake Website" is a responsive and user-friendly web application that allows customers to explore various cake products, view details, and interact with the bakery's offerings online.

## 🚀 Features
- **Responsive Design:** Fully optimized for mobile, tablet, and desktop screens.
- **Product Showcase:** Attractive gallery to display different types of cakes and sweets.
- **Interactive UI:** Smooth navigation and modern user interface.
- **Contact Integration:** Easy way for customers to reach out to the bakery.

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **HTML5** - For web structure.
- **CSS3** - For styling and responsive layout.
- **JavaScript** - For client-side interactivity.

## 🎓 About the Author
I am an **HNDIT student** at **Advanced Technical Institute Dehiwala**. This project was built to demonstrate my skills in web development and my ability to create practical IT solutions as part of my diploma studies.

## 📂 How to Run the Project
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/suneththivanka128/CakeWebsite.git

Commit message:

Revise README with updated project details and features
Updated project description, features, and author information to reflect new insights and milestones.

README.md, after:

# Cake Website Project

This is a web development project designed for a bakery or cake shop. I developed this project in **2024** as my **first-ever project** while pursuing the **Higher National Diploma in Information Technology (HNDIT)** at the **Advanced Technical Institute Dehiwala, Sri Lanka**.

## 📌 Project Overview
The "Cake Website" is a responsive and user-friendly web application designed to showcase various cake products. This project marks the beginning of my journey into professional web development.

## 🚀 Key Features
- **Responsive Design:** Fully optimized for mobile, tablet, and desktop screens.
- **Product Showcase:** Attractive gallery to display different types of cakes and sweets.
- **Modern UI:** Clean and interactive user interface for a better user experience.
- **Contact Integration:** Functional layout for customers to reach out to the bakery.

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **HTML5** - For the core structure of the website.
- **CSS3** - For styling, layouts, and responsive design.
- **JavaScript** - For basic client-side interactivity.

## 🎓 About the Author
I am an **HNDIT student** at **Advanced Technical Institute Dehiwala**. This project was a significant milestone in my academic career, allowing me to apply the foundational IT skills I learned during the first year of my diploma.

## 📂 How to Run the Project
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/suneththivanka128/CakeWebsite.git
